hi everyone my name is chef Joshua from
the San Miguel Purefoods culinary center
our recipe for today is kung pao chicken
we will be using Magnolia chicken
station thigh fillet and Magnolia
chicken station breast fillet for this
recipe first thing is we will combine
the thigh fillet and the breast fillet
in a bowl and then we'll mix this with
the cornstarch just mix this thoroughly
until combined now the cornstarch will
make the chicken more moist at the same
time more juicy and done now here I have
my wok to combine the vegetable oil and
the sesame oil it will quickly steer fry
the chicken so we'll add the chicken now
we just have to make sure that the color
of the chicken changes to a slight Brown
and the middle part is no longer pink
okay now our chicken is done it's no
longer pink and slightly brown so remove
it and set aside in the bowl now using
the same pan with no satay the spring
onions the garlic the red pepper flakes
and the ginger so just lightly saute
this for a quick 20 seconds now the
reason why we wanted to saute this
quickly is because we want to release
the flavor from the onions and the
pepper flakes this one's done it also
set this aside now in another separate
Bowl we will combine the rice vinegar
some sherry soy sauce water and some
sugar okay so we'll just mix this until
the sugar dissolves completely now we
will use the same pan put our rice
vinegar mixture then we will add our
chicken back
then our spring onion mixture and the
red pepper flakes and we'll bring it to
a simmer
okay now that our liquid is slightly
reduced you can see that the consistency
is slightly thickened now we can add our
peanuts to it gently mix just to heat
through the peanuts and then we'll turn
off the fire and we'll transfer this to
our serving dish
okay our kung pao chicken is done we'll
just garnish it with some more red chili
flakes on top and that's it our kung pao
chicken
using magnolia chicken breast and a
fillet okay for inquiries please call
six three two two four four nine or
visit www.hsn.com can also visit any
mcdonald chicken station in over 350
outlets in supermarkets and monterey
meat shops nationwide well no a chicken
station your healthy variety must
maraming puede I hope you enjoyed our
recipe today see you next time